0.3-> 0.4
python renew_setup_version.py

rm ./dist/*
python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel

<!-- twine upload dist/kangforecast-0.3-py3-none-any.whl -->
twine upload dist/*


pip uninstall kangforecast
pip uninstall -y kangforecast

pip install --no-cache-dir --upgrade kangforecast


chmod +x upload_new_version.sh




<!-- 一个命令 包含以上所有 -->
./upload_new_version.sh

--
pytest ./tests/test_module1.py
tree -L 2

---
export PATH=$PATH:/Users/kang/1.live_wit_GPT4/code_project/demand_forcast_retail/release_pypi/clear_clean_go_upgrage
export PATH=$PATH:$(pwd)
chmod +x /Users/kang/1.live_wit_GPT4/code_project/demand_forcast_retail/release_pypi/clear_clean_go_upgrage/clear_clean_go.py
clear_clean_go.py
upload_new_version.sh
<!-- 可以直接使用以上两个命令-- -->

---Docker 中：
cat ~/.bashrc :
alias ls='ls --color=auto'
alias tree='tree -C'
-

./clear_clean_go_upgrage/upload_new_version.sh 
---
kang@Love-Grace release_pypi$ ./clear_clean_go_upgrage/upload_new_version.sh --help
Usage: ./clear_clean_go_upgrage/upload_new_version.sh [options]

Options:
--help                   Display this help message and exit.

This script performs the following steps:
1. Updates version number in setup.py
2. Removes old distributions
3. Builds new distribution
4. Uploads new distribution to PyPI
5. Uninstalls old version of the package
6. Waits for the server to update to the latest version
7. Clears pip cache
8. Tries to install new version of the package

---
python clear_clean_go_upgrage/clean_prj_update_setup_version_help_v1.py --clean --update
python clear_clean_go_upgrage/clean_prj_update_setup_version_help_v1.py --help
python clear_clean_go_upgrage/clean_prj_update_setup_version_help_v1.py -h


---- 完整最新版本：
python ./clear_clean_go_upgrage/clean_prj_update_build_twine_pip_install_pipline.py -h
usage: clean_prj_update_build_twine_pip_install_pipline.py [-h]

This script performs several steps to update, build, upload and install a new version of the 'kangforecast' package. Here are the detailed steps: 1. Updates the version number in the
setup.py file. 2. Removes the old distributions in the 'dist' directory. 3. Builds a new distribution of the package. 4. Uploads the new distribution to PyPI. 5. Uninstalls the old
version of the package. 6. Waits for a while for the server to update to the latest version. 7. Clears the pip cache. 8. Tries to install the new version of the package.

options:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit

---
python ./clear_clean_go_upgrage/clean_prj_update_build_twine_pip_install_pipline.py
----Well done!  2023.6.25. kang 

